the amazing spider-man 2 has already
begun production in New York City for
its may second 2014 release date and
today Sony Pictures has released in
early synopsis of the film in the
amazing spider-man 2 for Peter Parker
Andrew Garfield life is busy between
taking out the bad guys as spider-man
and spending time with his personal
interest Gwen Emma Stone high school
graduation couldn't come quickly enough
peter hasn't forgotten about the promise
he made to Gwen's father to protectors
by staying away but that's a promise he
just can't keep things will change for
Peter when a new villain electro Jamie
Foxx emerges an old friend Harry Osborn
Dane DeHaan returns and Peter uncovers
new clues about his past John buyer sell
the synopsis I'm going to buy this I
mean everybody knows I'm very excited i
think the amazing spider-man was better
than the first Sam Raimi's spider-man so
for a lot of reasons but I'm also really
excited to hear them say that it's going
to reveal more things about Peters past
one of the things they've changed in
this incarnation of spider-man is that
there seems to be some secret in Peters
past that connects him maybe to his
abilities maybe to all that maybe
there's something is what I don't know
what it is but I'm excited to hear
they're going to explore it dan how
about you I'm gonna buy it simply for
the fact that what else are they gonna
do I mean you can't the Goblet can't do
Doctor Octopus you can't do any of the
cool things that have already been done
in the ramey version which I actually
liked better I know it's crazy um what
else you gonna do what it what it I'll
buy it because what what else you gonna
do hey guys if you liked this video make
sure to stop what you're doing and
subscribe to our AMC Theaters youtube
channel to keep up to date on all the
movie news editorials and our AMC movie
talk show also make sure to follow us on
Facebook and Twitter to hear about all
our special promotions contest and prize
giveaways